front end project needs a login, create user, home page.

login:
    username field,
    password field with blinders
    create user link
    page decorations.

create user:
    username field,
    password entry
    name, first and last.

home page:
    set as a baseplate with nothing at first.
    eventually needs text entry field.
        on submit needs to include: 
            author username,
            date posted (refer to notes)
            text content.
    
    needs a feed for all user posts.
        maybe a feed model, user posts information to the backend feed model
        all users have access to see the feed.
        for delete or edit options, match the username to the entry itself?
        feed post format has a like, comment, share, repost. 


need to setup authorization and link it to button onsubmit for login screen.

ive set up front end fields for entry. 
both the CreateUser and Login fields have submit buttons that arent set
both need axios.
next I need to get models, views and serializers up and running, then
be able to send auth tokens and set up authContext on the front.

back end should be set up for user creation and login axios calls, 
now i need to make the call and see.
set up front end axios calls.


6/5/2024
    i can now create users and log them in, I have outstanding tokens available in the admin.
    next i have to...

    create and route a user to the home page after theyve logged in.

    I need a front end form or box that allows my users to create posts. what does this look like?
        a user should see.
            home page has a feed of all posts.
            at the top is a create post link or button that either sends the user to a new page or pops a modal
                to enter the content they want to submit (with a submission button) that sends to a feed view.

    added a create post button.
    i added a div to the home page, "feed goes here"

    now i want the button to pop a modal and submit that information.


i now have a form that takes a text input and sends it out.

on the backend I need to set up the urls for the admin,
setup the views, serializers and models.

I have the views started...
going to set up the model.

I have create posts set up, now I need to display them
in the feed. 
Ill make a seperate component thats called in the feed
that component will reference an axios call in api
which will pull the post info from the api and display it.
        

    thoughts on display 
        ive set up the axios call in my api,
        now I need to set up the feed component to call the api.
        when do I want to call the api.

        ill set up a setinterval function maybe in userhome? 
         to call the api every minute or so
         for now, on page load, make call, useeffect.
         
         when the userHome loads, I want it to trigger the 
         useeffect that makes the api call
         then sets that data to a state


the feed now shows everyones posts.


I want every post to now have a delete function if the user is you.
    i need to check to see if Im getting tokens every time I log in and
    if theyre changing.
    i should set the delete functionality specifically to the username.

    I could make a profile page, the profile page would also have
    the feed but filter it by user so I only see my own posts.
    incorporate a delete button, that way only I could delete and update
    each post.